README.md, before:

# BanklessDeSci Community Hub

An open social application for the decentralized science community. Governed and moderated by the BanklessDeSci community. Built on Orbis and Ceramic with love.

## Getting Started (to be updated)

To get started developers should start by creating their `project` and `context` using the [Orbis Dashboard](https://useorbis.com/dashboard). The ID of the context created should be used in `_app.js`.

## Styles

Most of the colors can be updated in the `styles/global.css` file which contains CSS variables applied to the main `html` property.

## Getting Started Running Locally

1. Install your dependencies:

```bash
npm install
```

2. Generate your admin seed, admin did, and ComposeDB configuration file:

```bash
npm run generate
```

3. Create a .env file and enter the required environment variables outlined in .env.example. Feel free to copy them over as-is since the ones in .env.example are just dummy ones

4. Run the application (make sure you are using node version 16):

#### Development
```bash
nvm use 16
npm run dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

Commit message:

Adding all for local gated template

README.md, after:

# Attestation-Gated Forum Template

A template for setting up attestation-gated decentralized forums built with Ceramic (using ComposeDB), Orbis SDK, and Hololym. 

## Getting Started (to be updated)

1. Duplicate the existing .env.example file and rename it `.env`

2. Install your dependencies:

```bash
npm install
```

3. Create your author key (this will be your server's static seed phrase to write attestations to your ComposeDB instance). Copy-paste the resulting string into your `AUTHOR_KEY` field in your .env file:

```bash
npm run author
```

4. Generate your Ceramic admin seed, DID, and ComposeDB configuration file. Copy-paste the resulting string found in your admin_seed.txt file into your `SEED` field in your .env file:

```bash
npm run generate
```

5. Create your Orbis project and context from the command line (follow the prompts in your terminal):

```bash
npm run generateOrbis
```

After you've completed the series of prompts, you will see a log note that says "context created: ". Copy the value starting with a "k" from the `doc` field, and paste it into your `ORBCONTEXT` field in your .env file. Finally, locate your file found at /pages/_app.js and paste the same value for the corresponding constants: 

global.orbis_context
global.orbis_chat_context

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

## Styles

Most of the colors can be updated in the `styles/global.css` file which contains CSS variables applied to the main `html` property.
